USQ docs to Beta (#20349)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/unifiedstoragequota.md

---
title: "unifiedStorageQuota resource type"
description: unifiedStorageQuota provides an aggregate view of a user's quota information across multiple services.
author: "BarryShehadeh"
ms.localizationpriority: medium

> ms.prod: "unified-storage-quota"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ms.prod: files
```

doc_type: resourcePageType
---

# unifiedStorageQuota resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

The unifiedStorageQuota resource provides an aggregate view of a user's quota information across multiple services.

## Methods
|Method|Return type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|
|[Get unifiedStorageQuota](../api/unifiedstoragequota-get.md)|[unifiedStorageQuota](../resources/unifiedstoragequota.md)|Read the properties and relationships of a [unifiedStorageQuota](../resources/unifiedstoragequota.md) object.|

> 

Reviewer: |[List serviceStorageQuotaBreakdown](../api/unifiedstoragequota-list-services.md)| [serviceStorageQuotaBreakdown](../resources/servicestoragequotabreakdown.md) collection|Get the list of services in serviceStorageQuotaBreakdown.|

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|[List serviceStorageQuotaBreakdown](https://github.com/microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs/pull/api/unifiedstoragequota-list-services.md)| [serviceStorageQuotaBreakdown](https://github.com/microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs/pull/resources/servicestoragequotabreakdown.md) collection|Get the list of services in serviceStorageQuotaBreakdown.|
```

## Properties
|Property|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|
|id|String|The user id.|
|manageWebUrl|String| A URL that can be used in a browser to manage the breakdown. Read-only. |
|remaining|Int64| Total space remaining before reaching the quota limit in bytes. |

> |state|[usqState](#usqstate-values)| Enumeration value that indicates the state of the storage space. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|state|[usqState](#usqstate-values)| Indicates the state of the storage space. The possible values are: 'normal'      'nearing', 'critical', 'full' and 'overLimit'.|
```

---
title: "unifiedStorageQuota resource type"

> description: The unifiedStorageQuota resource provides an aggregate view of a user's quota information across multiple services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: unifiedStorageQuota provides an aggregate view of a user's quota information across multiple services.
```

> description: The unifiedStorageQuota resource providers an aggregate view of a user's quota information across multiple services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: The unifiedStorageQuota resource providers an aggregate view of a user's quota information across multiple services.
```

author: "BarryShehadeh"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "unified-storage-quota"
doc_type: resourcePageType
---

# unifiedStorageQuota resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

> The unifiedStorageQuota resource provides an aggregate view of a user's quota information across multiple services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
unifiedStorageQuota provides an aggregate view of a user's quota information across multiple services.
```

> The unifiedStorageQuota resource providers an aggregate view of a user's quota information across multiple services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The unifiedStorageQuota resource provides an aggregate view of a user's quota information across multiple services.
```

## Methods
|Method|Return type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|

> |[Get unifiedStorageQuota](../api/unifiedstoragequota-get.md)|[unifiedStorageQuota](../resources/unifiedstoragequota.md)|Read the properties and relationships of an [unifiedStorageQuota](../resources/unifiedstoragequota.md) object.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|[Get unifiedStorageQuota](../api/unifiedstoragequota-get.md)|[unifiedStorageQuota](../resources/unifiedstoragequota.md)|Read the properties and relationships of a [unifiedStorageQuota](../resources/unifiedstoragequota.md) object.|
```

> |[List services](../api/servicestoragequotabreakdown-list.md)|[serviceStorageQuotaBreakdown](../resources/servicestoragequotabreakdown.md) collection|Get the serviceStorageQuotaBreakdown resources from the services navigation property.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|[List services](../api/servicestoragequotabreakdown-list.md)|[serviceStorageQuotaBreakdown](../resources/servicestoragequotabreakdown.md) collection|Get the serviceStorageQuotaBreakdown contributing to the user's quota usage.|
```

> |[List services](../api/servicestoragequotabreakdown-list.md)|[serviceStorageQuotaBreakdown](../resources/servicestoragequotabreakdown.md) collection|Get the serviceStorageQuotaBreakdown resources from the services navigation property.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|[List services](../api/servicestoragequotabreakdown-list.md)|[unifiedStorageQuota](#usqState-values) collection|Get a list of services in the serviceStorageQuotaBreakdown.|
```

## Properties
|Property|Type|Description|

> |:---|:---|:---|

Reviewer: The CSDL shows this property:  Property Name="deleted" Type="Edm.Int64".
Please add it.

Author: Will be added later. As it's not yet ready to be published.

> |id|String|the user id.|

Reviewer: This property did not come up in any of the CSDLs.

> |id|String|the user id.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|id|String|The user id.|
```

> |id|String|the user id|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|id|String|the user id.|
```

|manageWebUrl|String| A URL that can be used in a browser to manage the breakdown. Read-only. |

> |remaining|Int64| Total space remaining before reaching the quota limit, in bytes. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|remaining|Int64| Total space remaining before reaching the quota limit in bytes. |
```

|state|usqState| Enumeration value that indicates the state of the storage space. |

> |total|Int64| Total allowed storage space, in bytes. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|total|Int64| Total allowed storage space in bytes. |
```

> |used|Int64| Total space used, in bytes. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|used|Int64| Total space used in bytes. |
```

## Relationships
|Relationship|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|

> |services|[serviceStorageQuotaBreakdown](../resources/servicestoragequotabreakdown.md) collection| The of services contributing to the user's quota usage. |

Reviewer: Please review this description. I am not clear, thanks!

Author: Sorry we didn't notice the word got accidentally deleted. I just fixed it. Appreciate it @Danielabom

> ### usqState values

Reviewer: In the properties table: for a property of that enumeration type {enum-type}, specify that enumeration as the property type, and link to the H3 that has the enum table. Specifying the possible values in the description is not required but is convenient for customers.

> | Value          |

Reviewer: Please edit the column headers. The correct headers are "Member" and "Description".

Author: Discussed offline. Keeping just this enum as is.

Reviewer: We need natural language descriptions. The member names are not intuitive. 
For example: What does nearing mean? Is nearing a valid word? 
The enums topic in the CDK  mentions that we should not show numerical values in customer-facing docs. 
Please make the corresponding changes.
